Icons: allow for custom directory (#31)
uswds/uswds-compile: README.md

`paths.src.img` | `2`: `"./node_modules/uswds/dist/img"`<br />`3`: `"./node_modules/@uswds/uswds/dist/img"` | Source location of the USWDS images
`paths.src.js` | `2`: `"./node_modules/uswds/dist/js"`<br />`3`: `"./node_modules/@uswds/uswds/dist/js"` | Source location of the USWDS compiled JavaScript files
`paths.src.projectSass` | `"./sass"` | Source location of any existing project Sass files outside of `paths.dist.theme`. The `watch` script will watch this directory for changes.
`paths.src.projectIcons` | `""` | Source location of any additional project icons to include in the icon sprite. (Use _only_ these project icons in the sprite by setting `sprite.projectIconsOnly` to `true`.)
`paths.dist.theme` | `"./sass"` | Project destination for theme files (Sass entry point and settings)
`paths.dist.img` | `"./assets/uswds/images"` | Project destination for images
`paths.dist.fonts` | `"./assets/uswds/fonts"` | Project destination for fonts
`paths.dist.js` | `"./assets/uswds/js"` | Project destination for compiled JavaScript
`paths.dist.css` | `"./assets/uswds/css"` | Project destination for compiled CSS

> `sprite.projectIconsOnly` | `"./assets/uswds/css"` | Include _only_ the icons in `paths.src.projectIcons` in the icon sprite. 

Author: This setting is a boolean and should only accept TRUE/FALSE.

```suggestion
`sprite.projectIconsOnly` | `false` | Include _only_ the icons in `paths.src.projectIcons` in the icon sprite. 
```
